Revamp of Prometheus Metrics stack article (#515)
hetzneronline/community-content: tutorials/install-and-configure-prometheus-stack/01.en.md

For displaying node_exporter metrics, a good dashboard can be found [here](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/1860).

Copy the ID to import the dashboard into your Grafana.

![Grafana: "Dashboards" menu with selected "+ Import" menuitem](images/grafana-dashboards-menu-with-selected-import-menuitem.png)

Press the **+ Import** button, insert the copied ID and click **Load**.
You need to select the Prometheus data source for the dashboard:

![Grafana: Import dashboard "Node Exporter Full"](images/grafana-import-dashboard-node_exporter_full.png)

Finally, the Dashboard is imported and displays the data of the monitored node.

![Grafana: "Node Exporter Full" dashboard with data](images/grafana-node_exporeter_full-dashboard-with-data.png)

## Conclusion

You now have configured a Prometheus stack and can monitor a single node. This setup has the capability of monitoring more nodes/services.

Please consider to apply an SSL-enabled reverse proxy in front of the Grafana frontend as described in this [article](/tutorials/server-monitoring-using-grafana-and-influxdb#step-5---install-nginx) in the section "Step 5 - Install Nginx".

> Besides static configs Prometheus can get hosts automatically, with a Service Discovery mechanism. For more information about supported Service Discovery providers please see [official documentation](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#scrape_config), and [Prometheus Service Discovery article](/tutorials/prometheus-discovery) for Service Discovery for Hetzner Dedicated and Cloud servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you edit the `prometheus.yml` file to add a new job in the `scrape_configs` section, you cannot only use the `static_configs` parameter to get information from a specific host. Instead, you could also use one of the [official service-discovery mechanisms](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#scrape_config) available for Prometheus. With this method, Prometheus will dynamically discover all available hosts and automatically add them as targets. To learn how to dynamically add Hetzner Dedicated and Cloud server targets from your Hetzner account, refer to our [Prometheus Service Discovery article](/tutorials/prometheus-discovery).
```
Just a suggestion.
